Java/actually v4/mention sjb bom (#968)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/guides/dependencies.mdx

### Avoiding Scope Conflicts

> We recommend using the [BOMs provided by the SAP Java Buildpack](https://help.sap.com/docs/BTP/65de2977205c403bbc107264b8eccf4b/6c6936e8e4ea40c9a9a69f6783b1e978.html).

Reviewer: This is slightly confusing because we later only mentioned our "repackaged" BOM. Maybe we should clarify here that you can use our repackaged one or the SJB BOM directly, if you want to (e.g. because you want to manage the SJB version yourself)

Author: The "problem" is from my point of view, that our "special" BOM only relates to `tomee7`, whereas the rest of the part here relates to basically `tomee`, `tomee7`, and `tomcat`.

That's why I tried to mention the special case at the very end.

Reviewer: hmm that makes sense, but since we ship our BOM as default that should be our recommendation, we should always ship by default what we recommend. So I would just clarify that we already implement the recommendatoiun of using the SJB BOM  through our BOM

Author: Added a sentence here to make it clear what we are using.

### Avoiding Scope Conflicts

We recommend using the [BOMs provided by the SAP Java Buildpack](https://help.sap.com/docs/BTP/65de2977205c403bbc107264b8eccf4b/6c6936e8e4ea40c9a9a69f6783b1e978.html).

> In our `scp-cf-tomee` Archetype we are using the `sdk-buildpack-bom` which itself depends on the SAP Java Buildpack BOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our `scp-cf-tomee` Archetype we are using the `sdk-buildpack-bom` which itself brings in the SAP Java Buildpack BOM.
```

sounds good, but now that I read it; I think its also worth highlighting the advantage this brings: it ensures SDK and SJB versions are compatible, and you only need to update the SDK version

Author: How about now?

This will set the version and the scope of the dependencies the SAP Java Buildpack adds to your application at runtime.
The scope of the those dependencies is set to `provided`.

Depending on the [target runtime](https://help.sap.com/docs/BTP/65de2977205c403bbc107264b8eccf4b/83d241613dcd41c99ccc308ed0d26399.html) defined in your `manifest.yml` you should import the [respective BOM](https://search.maven.org/search?q=com.sap.cloud.sjb.cf) in your `<dependencyManagement>` section.

You can verify the behavior by searching for the scope of, for example, the `com.sap.cloud.security.xsuaa:token-client` dependency in your application.

> When you use the BOM of the SAP Java Buildpack, it should have the scope `provided`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the BOM of the SAP Java Buildpack the `token-client`  should have the scope `provided`.
```

Otherwise people may read this as `it` referring to the SJB BOM, which needs scope `import` instead
